{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f233\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f234\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f236\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f237\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f238\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f239\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f240\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f241\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f242\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f244\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f245\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f246\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\f247\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f248\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f249\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f250\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f252\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}
{\f253\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f254\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}{\f255\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f256\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}
{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\author Richard Harrington}{\operator Richard Harrington}{\creatim\yr2003\mo7\dy24\hr17\min55}{\revtim\yr2003\mo7\dy24\hr17\min59}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords559}{\nofchars3188}
{\*\company  }{\nofcharsws3915}{\vern8247}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f2 
\par }{\f2\fs16 Board members:
\par }\pard \ql \li10\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin10\itap0 {\f1\fs16 Ernest Marty
\par }\pard \ql \li10\ri0\sl80\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin10\itap0 {\f1\fs16 Eugene Wohnhas
\par }\pard \ql \li10\ri0\sl70\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin10\itap0 {\f1\fs16 Ennrin Straight
\par }\pard \ql \li10\ri0\sl80\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin10\itap0 {\f1\fs16 Ella Marty
\par }\pard \ql \li15\ri0\sl80\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin15\itap0 {\f1\fs16 Frank Wohnhas
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl80\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs16 George Stine
\par Glenn Wohnhas
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs16 G. B. Cox, President
\par }\pard \ql \li15\ri0\sl90\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin15\itap0 {\f1\fs16 R. M. Cline
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl80\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs16 J. F. Haythorn
\par }\pard \ql \li5\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin5\itap0 {\f1\fs16 Myrtle Eikleberry
\par }\pard \ql \li5\ri0\sl80\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin5\itap0 {\f1\fs16 Olive Fox
\par }\pard \ql \li15\ri0\sl80\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin15\itap0 {\f1\fs16 Ruble Fox
\par Ross Kinney
\par }\pard \ql \li5\ri0\sl80\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin5\itap0 {\f1\fs16 Thelma Hartshorn
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl70\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs16 Waiter Marty
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl90\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs16 Wilbert Fox
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs16 J. Lentz, Clerk
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl80\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs16 S. P. Eddy
\par }\pard \ql \li5\ri0\sl80\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin5\itap0 {\f1\fs16 C. W. Lude
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f2\fs16 PLAINVIEW}{\f2\fs16  }{\b\f2\fs16 CENTENNIAL}{\f2\fs16 
\par }{\f1\fs16 Written by I. M. Straight
\par Written by F. S. Hogue
\par }\pard \ql \li235\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin235\itap0 {\f1\fs16 In passing, 1 wish to note only one vivid recollection of Mr. West. He recalls as of yesterday when Thomas Hall stopped
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl80\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs16 at their cabin one bitterly cold night. He had secured a furlough to visit his sick daughter. She was buried before he reackr:$
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl70\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs16 home. Mr. Hall gave young Oliver the striped candy (a rarity in those days) which he had brought for his sick daughter.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl80\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs16 Mr. Hall returned to the war and was never heard from by anyone here again. He was reported missing after a battle.
\par }\pard \ql \li10\ri0\sl80\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin10\itap0 {\f1\fs16 It was rumored that he had been seen in Andersonville prison shortly before the close of the war but this was never
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl80\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs16 verified. The Mr. Hall mentioned here was the grandfather of Edgar Hall of Woodsfield, and an uncle of McClellan Cox.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl70\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs16 This incident brings close home to us the sentiment which inspired the erection of the tomb for the Unknown Soldier.
\par }\pard \ql \li255\ri0\sl100\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin255\itap0 {\f1\fs16 Three church buildings have been built in this community. The United Brethren on what is now the Charles Yerian
\par }\pard \ql \li30\ri0\sl80\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin30\itap0 {\f1\fs16 farm. It was later used by the Church of Christ people. Some of the original building, which was constructed of round
\par }\pard \ql \li35\ri0\sl90\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin35\itap0 {\f1\fs16 logs may still be seen. The Baptists had a log building where Rager Briggs now lives. A sadly neglected graveyard, mute
\par }\pard \ql \li30\ri0\sl80\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin30\itap0 {\f1\fs16 evidence of man's forgetfulness, is all that now remains. The present Church of Christ building war erected in 1901. It
\par }\pard \ql \li35\ri0\sl80\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin35\itap0 {\f1\fs16 has been lately renovated and is being used for services by a large congregation. A noteworthy fact brought out in the
\par service of the Lord's Day was that no time in the history of this congregation hasany means of financing ever been used
\par }\pard \ql \li30\ri0\sl80\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin30\itap0 {\f1\fs16 except the contribution of the morning Lord's Day service. From the dedicatron of the building in 1901 until the death
\par }\pard \ql \li35\ri0\sl70\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin35\itap0 {\f1\fs16 of Dias Givens in 1934, this congregation was under the eldership of Oliver West, John Thomas, and Dias Givens. Dias
\par }\pard \ql \li35\ri0\sl80\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin35\itap0 {\f1\fs16 for a time was a teacher in the public schools but was more widely known as a singing teacher. Throughout most of his
\par }\pard \ql \li40\ri0\sl80\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin40\itap0 {\f1\fs16 life he had charge of the Church singing and also the music for the various community affairs. The community suffered a
\par }\pard \ql \li35\ri0\sl90\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin35\itap0 {\f1\fs16 severe loss by his passing. His influence will endure no one knows how long.
\par }\pard \ql \li265\ri0\sl70\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin265\itap0 {\f1\fs16 The first Plainview school was erected about the year of 1840, about a 150 yards east of the present church building.
\par }\pard \ql \li50\ri0\sl80\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin50\itap0 {\f1\fs16 It was constructed of round logs, heated by an open fireplace, the fuel far which was secured by the teacher and larger
\par }\pard \ql \li40\ri0\sl80\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin40\itap0 {\f1\fs16 boys from the nearby woods. The seats were logs split in halves into which wooden pegs were driven. The writing ma-
\par }\pard \ql \li35\ri0\sl90\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin35\itap0 {\f1\fs16 terials consisted of goose quill pens and homemade ink. A few specimens of the penmanship of that time will be on
\par }\pard \ql \li40\ri0\sl70\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin40\itap0 {\f1\fs16 display as will also an original teacher's certificate and covenant (?) granted to Thomas West, the last teacher in this
\par }\pard \ql \li40\ri0\sl80\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin40\itap0 {\f1\fs16 building in the year 1849. The winter term lasted three months from December to March first. Teacher, were paid
\par }\pard \ql \li45\ri0\sl80\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin45\itap0 {\f1\fs16 about sixteen dollars per month, partly in currency but mostly in some product from the home or the field. Mr. West
\par will display parts of an original account book kept by his father by which such payments were made. Teachers also
\par }\pard \ql \li45\ri0\sl90\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin45\itap0 {\f1\fs16 frequently received a part of their salary by boarding among the patrons.
\par }\pard \ql \li280\ri0\sl60\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin280\itap0 {\f1\fs16 The curriculum of the school was confined almost entirely to the three R's, although some of the more advanced
\par }\pard \ql \li50\ri0\sl90\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin50\itap0 {\f1\fs16 taachers taught Orthography, Geography, Algebra, and English.
\par }\pard \ql \li285\ri0\sl70\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin285\itap0 {\f1\fs16 Mr. West will display a remarkable example of letter writing by the hand of Alexander Campbell to Thomas,,,"
\par }\pard \ql \li55\ri0\sl70\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin55\itap0 {\f1\fs16 was built about a hundred feet west of thebuilding now in use. Thomas West became the first teacher and continued
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs16 --  33  --
\par }}